Feature/refactor analysis (#1037)
MTES-MCT/dossierfacile-backend: dossierfacile-process-file/README.md

s3.secret.key=[[ovh_secret_key]]
s3.region=sbg
s3.bucket.name=documents-analysis-test
```

## Document Analysis : 
There are 3 level of rules : 

> 1. INFO => Those rules will not be displayed inside the BO or the API
> 2. WARNING => Those rules will be displayed inside the BO nut not in the API
> 3. ERROR => Those rules will be displayed inside the BO and the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. INFO => Those rules will not be displayed inside the BO or the API
2. WARN => Those rules will be displayed inside the BO but not in the API
3. CRITICAL => Those rules will be displayed inside the BO and the API
```
